---
layout: post
title: "Unusual episode of an Engineer"
date: 2010-12-28
comments: false
categories: 
---


  "Weather was super-hot from last 7-8 months. In chennai we can only see  three seasons.  One is Winter-Hot, Spring-Hotter and Summer-Hottest.   Today is the season of Spring-Hotter.  it is raining like hell. " prasad  shouted at the Rain.  knotted his shoe lase.   What a Monsoon!!! which starts from Arabic Sea has reached Bay of  Bengal in December by raining all the way. Now created rainy season in  CHENNAI!!.   Prasad is constantly getting call from his Project Manager.    " I have done my electrical engineering from reputed college. That  was my dream college. But now writing holy-banking-software for  English people. They are controlling not only me but also my machine  remotely from London. They say it Remote login. But I feel this is a  modern slavery.  We are 5 n half hour ahead of them.  They are screwing me  till mid night because for them it is easy evening 6:30. But my stupid  PM is calling from early morning.     " How can I goto work. ? look at the road.  wow!! can anyone  make out the road. ? full of water.  guys!! please shut-down all the  motor-vehicles and start providing some boats.  I beg!! ".    He  switched off all the lights.  " Electricity!!! Electrical energy is  converted into light energy. But in solar cells light energy is again  converted into electrical energy. What a flexible source of energy !!?.   It is a world of fantasy. " He murmured looking at the bulbs.    He is standing near the door and watching the drama running in ground floor.   One old lady!! is trying to evacuate water from her house with the help of her small grand-kids.   " Shitt!! how should i goto work by wearing this stupid shoes" He threw his shoes and took the sandals.   He walked down.  gave a smile to old lady. she also smiled at him.  She  showed her shoulder saying it is paining.  She is pushing water-away  from morning 4 'o' clock.  By action she said that she has not even  prepared food inside.  Looking at the sky she prayed god to stop the  rain.  He just showed sympathy and told her to take food from hotel.   she is feeling cold but still trying to push water away from her way.   Prasad  wondered!! Is her effort to stop water to enter house is fruitful.  No  way!! The Entire city is submerged but this stupid old lady is trying  to construct a Dam of hope,  which can protect her house.   Prasad folded his lower pant.  The Old lady is waiting for him to go,  to continue her work.   She is holding one small mug and bucket. Kids are playing in the water.  Flood in the city.  Kid-1 : I am a Super Hero. I can drink this water completely and can Omit all into The Sea.  Kid-2 :No need of omitting, you can piiiii also.  Kid-1 got angry and said "What are you saying. I had never seen, super heroes piiiiiiiiii. " Both started fighting.    phone rings.   PM is shouting at the other end " We have deployed our project in live and continuously getting BUGs. "  Prasad:[BUGGs, what else you expect,  if you copy paste the entire code. ]  PM:customers are spitting on our face.   Prasad:[ I wish,  let them spit again and again. ]  PM: What the hell are you doing. I want you to be at your workspace. Attend the issues.     Prasad: what can I Do. ? its raining heavily here.  roads are full of water and. "   PM:  So!! sir do i need to send one private jet for you.  or else shift the  office to your home.  Tell me exactly,  what you expect from me.    We are running a business not a charitable trust.  Its your problem and company has nothing to do with that.  We are paying for your work not for excuses. !!!    Prasad: K!!!,  I will be coming asap.    PM: thats better.    prasad got upset and tried to dip his mobile into the water.  but He dint.  The old lady is still waiting for him to go. The kids said bye-bye.    He walked for 5 minutes in the rain. He switched off his mobile and came back to home.    Old lady gave him a strange look.  Her eyes are questioning " why kid?? what happened??? "  prasad asked for mug and bucket.   Old lady said she need these things.   He snatched mug and bucket from her hand.  He started evacuating water from house but the efficiency is 10 times greater than that of old lady.    Her eyes become wet.  so many people all around but busy.  This kid came here to work for me.  She prayed for him.   He is doing non stop work by thinking about his PM's face. After the  continuous effort of two hours,  water level came down.  He got  completely exhausted.    His hands and legs were literally  shaking.  The Old lady requested him to take rest but he dint.  Now the  time has come to fell down on the ground.    He sat on the steps.  From nowhere The OL brought a cup of tea and chakli.   He  rejected her offer. Because he is not in a position to hold the cup of  tea.  If he started shaking the cup,  that will embarrass both.  OL felt  very bad.    Then he told her to put those things on steps.  He got some energy and managed to drink without shaking it.  OL said him to stop the work and said thanks for the work.     Now  he started thinking about permanent solution.  He tried to route water  into the sump,  so that he can pull it to the tank and divert outside.   But the stupid house owner constructed the sump such that the mouth is  little above the ground level and its fully packed.    Old lady said that she has one burnt motor in her house.  He checked the motor.  cleaned-off all the burnt copper.  He  has made winding by bringing copper from shop.  Repaired all the  connections.  insulated electric components and wires properly.  connected two pipes and switched ON the motor.  One pipe of the motor is  sucking water and the another pipe outside the street is shitting.  Kids started clapping.   prasad felt something good about himself.  He switched on the mobile and sent an SMS to his PM.  " FCUK offfffff ".     THE END    Engineer   Disclaimer:  The story is a work of fiction(work of fantasy). It has nothing to do with any individual, company or group.     "ಕನ್ನಡ ಓದುಗಮಿತ್ರರ ಕ್ಷಮೆ ಕೋರುತ್ತಾ. !! ಅನುವಾದಿಸಲಾಗದೆ, ಅನಿವಾರ್ಯವಾಗಿ ಬರದ ಭಾಷೆಯಲ್ಲಿ ಬರೆಯಬೇಕಾಯಿತು.  ಸುಮ್-ಸುಮ್ಮನೆ ಎರಡು ಭಾಷೆಗಳ ಬಲಾತ್ಕಾರ ಸಲ್ಲದು ಅಲ್ವೇ. ? ಇ೦ಗ್ಲೀಷು ಗ೦ಧ-ಗಾಳಿ ಇಲ್ಲ.  ಏನೋ ಪ್ರಯತ್ನಿಸಿದ್ದೇನೆ. " 
