---
layout: post
title: "Being agile"
date: 2013-11-16
comments: false
categories: 
---


    We reached Thoughtworks at around 8:40 and the session is about to start by Nine.   One day workshop on Agile.   We got enough time to settle down and get to know each other  (20 mins  to know each other ?? probably this is too much for Tekkis ).           We were looking for a breakfast.    and we have had great expectations too.   Not because Thoughtworks is a huge company but they have mentioned it in welcome mail that they are providing breakfast.   We got nothing but a sandwich to eat.    Abhi disappointed. He was looking for at least a masala dosa!!!          His face was worth watching, when he is holding sandwich and smiling at it. Shruti also skipped her breakfast.  She prepared breakfast for her husband but didn't choose to eat, because of the 'breakfast' quote in the mail.      So!!! a beautiful day started with little laugh.   (People who are laughing for these DJ's (dharidra jokes) and behaving childish are.   abhi, shruti, navya and myself.  representing Openly software company)       I started feeling bit nervous.  Shruthi advised me to relax.     Vidya laxman!! COO of Thoughtworks introduced herself.   She told everyone to say something about themselves and to briefly explain about their knowledge on Agile.           For my bad luck I was the first one in clockwise.    Before coming to  workshop itself, I warned Abhi that I wont be coming If they are asking  any questions or demanding to open my mouth!!.   Shruti was laughing when Vidya looking at me to start.       What to say. ?  I didn't know anything about agile.    Ours is a start up software company.   We produce software by partially exercising classical   Software Development Life Cycle(SDLC) methodology.            1.  Gather requirement from the customer  2.  Come up with.  clear design spec by continuously asking questions  3.  Freezing the requirement        4.  Decide technology and architect   5.  Develop it  6.  Test it  repeat step5 and step6 till tester forgives developer sins. 7.  Deliver it -&gt; thats it.    Each step has to begin only after the completion of previous steps.   Ideally we always tend to become more and more structured and organized.   But at some point of the play, we forget the rules and start enjoying the play.   Somebody told, there is a technical name for this.  unconventional and regularly irregular way of approaching the problems.   That is Agile!! The other way of software development.   We came to Thoughtworks!! to explore Agile.   They have been supporting and influencing people towards agile.   We came here to Unlearn the misconceptions and any easy go myths of Agile.          Learn effective and scientific way of implementing Agile methodology.   Quality and Quick code.    We happy.  Costumers happy.  Easy life.    " I dint know what to say. ? " when Vidya asked.   blabbered something.  to pass on people's look from me.         The session started!!after the formal introduction of all the living organisms. semi circled around the tables.       to be continued.  
